1. The custom level is a scene where super evil shadow Link battle with Link and survive from enemy to collect rupees. Player who collect 50 rupees will win the game or player who loses all the rupee will lose the game. Using two keyboards to play this game is highly recommended.

2. It is a multiplayer rupee collecting competition game. Shadow Link and Link can shoot each other, being shot will be stunned and drop rupees from the inventory. Enemy is the third party, can do damage to both player. When they die, they have a high rate of dropping rupee and low rate to drop some sort of weapon other than bow.

3. A multiplayer game will allow two players to play Zelda together. In this level, two players will compete with each other. Winning condition is changed and there’s no actual damage to player. All hits will cause player drop rupee and being stunned. Therefore, player have to fight against each other but also need to deal with enemy, which is different from original. Now playing with AI changed to play against actual person. It will bring more fun to this game.

4. Our multiplayer mode gives more strategies to play. Player need to decide whether to use bow to shoot another player or enemy since using bow will cost rupee and rupee is the winning condition for this level. Killing enemy will get more rupees but player also need to suppress another player from winning. Player can only have one B weapon so they have to decide whether to pick up a new one.

5. We put Link’s and shadow Link’s weapon UI in two sides of the screen. These two Link have different appearance. Near their weapon UI, we used short text to describe player movement keys. Winning condition is a bit long sentence, but even though they player may not notice, they can still fount it out very fast since we marked the rupee count out of 50. They will realize that 50 is a critical amount that they want to reach. Players will figure out when they were damaged, they can’t move and the rupee will be dropped.